#summary Project Proposal - Plan2gather

=COMP3111 Introduction to Software Engineering - Spring 2013=
=Project Proposal - Plan2gather=


  * [ProjectProposal#Project_Description Project Description]
  * [ProjectProposal#Motivation Motivation]
  * [ProjectProposal#Requirements Requirements]
  * [ProjectProposal#Development_Plan Development Plan]
   * [ProjectProposal#Member_List Member List]
   * [ProjectProposal#Development_Tools Development Tools]

----
=Project Description=

Plan2gather, an android app which provides a convenience way for event planning. Everyone in an event can contribute to the planning and gather information in the fastest way. Inside the app, following functions is provided: 

  * Grouping
    Users can set up different groups of friend as 'Socles' - social circles, to create events repeatedly. Individual event can also be  created without 'Socles'. Just use the way that with good feelings to create events!

  * Chatting
    In each event and 'Socles', users can communicate with friends through text, emoji or voice message. Also they can share event photos and videos immediately.

  * Voting
    Voting let users gather all ideas and choose the most popular option. Every participant can start a new voting thread or suggest new option for each thread.
  * Gathering location
    After deciding the gathering location, a pin will show on the map inside the app. And the path can be created from current location to the destination, so that users can easily get to there.

  * Information announcement
    Notice board in each event shows all the information of the event. Users can be reminded all the information such as what should bring, where to gather, timetable of buses, etc. in a simplest way.

  * Embedded calendar
    A calendar is embedded inside the app and shows all the event that users joined or willing to join. The event can be format as calendar or sort by list.

  * Notification
    You can set notification alarm for a reminder at anytime before the event.

  * Social networking connection
   After users created the events in Plan2gather, they can share it to other social networking platform, such as Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, etc. then all the friends in other social networking platform can be noticed and join the event.

----
=Motivation=
In Hong Kong, a fast growing city, everyone is busy with their work. However, we still need to spare some times for relaxation, and the best way is surely to meet friends and keep our social network. So we hope to design an app that can let people to create events in a simple and easy way. 
Furthermore, we found that the existing apps for event planning is not easy to use and we realize that a good designing event planning app has it own demand in the market. Also it can help event planner to organize their event in a easier way. 
----
=Requirements=
Smartphone with Android 4.0.3 or above
----
=Development Plan=

==Member List==
||Name||Student ID||Main Role||
||So Wai Sam||6770||Team leader / user interface developer||
||Lou Hung Yan||5908||Programmer / documentation||
||Lau Wing Hei||9313||Programmer / database developer||
||Ng Ka Hei||9643||Programmer / networking||

==Development Tools==
  * Eclipse IDE (Ver: Kepler Service Release 1)
  * ADT 22.3.0
  * Java SE Development Kit 7 Update 51
  * database server 
----
